# BANK
Video Demo: https://youtu.be/il6OUUtdxPc
Description:
This program defines banking in a small scale handling a account with different banking functions such as withdrawls and deposits . This program is created in a way to handle most of the errors and typing mistakes by user. This is a effort to make a efficient banking system. Program can also be used as a expense manager proram or a personal bank program . "bal.txt": This file store's data of user for the operations to be performed using python file methods taught us in file I/O. This stores the balance of the account for further usage in the string format. requirements.txt:Here we have mentioned the imported libraries for the project. We have imported the pytest lib using"pip install pytest" . This library enables us to use python test for backchecking of the program project.py :Here we have created choice(),add(),sub(),bal() and a main function which we have called in the last line of the program. main():This portion of the program is the heart of the program. This first introduces user to the program and write's a welcome statement to the user from the bank. Then it calls the choice() function and stores the output in x. Then further uses if-elif statement to go for operations to perform according to the user's demand and choice. If x is 1 then taking input from the user as a integer only and then calling the add() function into the main and then printing the output recieved. add() function returns the balance after deposit is performed into the account. If x is 2 then taking input from the user as a integer only and then calling the sub() function into the main and then printing the output recieved. sub() function returns the balance after the wiithdrawl is done If x is 3 then calling the bal() function directly and then printing the recieved output. bal()function basically return the balance of the account. if x is 4 then the system exits using sys.exit(){we ahve imported sys inbuilt library of the python above main()} through the program as choice() as a function contins an endless loop for invalid inputs. So, for exiting from choice() Once if user enter's into the function then x=4 is only way for exitting and not performing any function in the account. choice() prints a dropdown menu and then ask the user for a input which is expicially integer then checks for it being integer if not then again calls choice(). add()passes the amount of deposit woithin as an argument and then goes further opening bal.txt and then extract's amount out of it in integer form then adds the balance with deposit . After this writes the bal.txt from scratch with the updated balance . Same goes for sub() function but this time it subtracts the amount of withdrawl bal() function doesn't pass any agrument , it just reads the file and then displays the balance. test_project.py imports the project.py and pytest library . in pytest it uses raises function and assert function in raises checks for SystemExit {exiting of system using sys.exit from sys inbuilt library} and TypeError {wrong inputs} Then run the function on varius inputs for various mentioned functions producting the results as passed.
